>> Evan You: The catch of this
implementation is, obviously,
you can have a shared object as our state.
>> Evan You: And,
[COUGH] if we are smart,
we can make it directly
return the thing from
within the render function.
So like,
>> Evan You: We can do it like this,
but you realize that this
does not really work.
Let's implement the methods first.
>> Evan You: If we run this,
you'll realize that when you click,
state doesn't increment.
>> Evan You: And
the reason to this is that,
>> Evan You: If you never
really had the chance to make
state reactive, the default, so
in Vue,
>> Evan You: The way to let Vue know that
it should make something reactive
is by returning it within
data.
>> Evan You: If you
return something within data, this is the
object that Vue will call to observe or
confer function on.
Right, if we don't do that, then state
was never actually passed to Vue and
Vue never had a chance to make it
reactive then nothing will happen, right?
So,
>> Evan You: What we can do is just return
the same object inside the data function.
>> Evan You: And
now, we can do,
>> Evan You: this.count.
>> Evan You: So, this should do the trick.
>> Evan You: Let's run
it.
>> Evan You: No,
>> Evan You: I didn't register Counter,
okay.
>> Evan You: So, components counter.
>> Evan You: Oops.
>> Evan You: So now it works as intended
because Vue's got a chance to take
state to burden to a reactive object.
And state.count is proxied on to
the counter instance as this.count.